être disponible;hettagol
aimer;hidugol
commencer;futagol
lever;verbuon
amener;adugol
transférer;nabhugol
rejoindre;tawtugol
inquiéter;hulugol
manger;ñaamugol
assiéger;dietugol
appeler;noddugol
acheter;sodugol
créer;sonkugol
aller;yahugol
faire;waɗugol
dire;inogol
pouvoir;lamagol
voir;hiougol
devoir;formogol
venir;arugol
suivre;darugol
parler;woulugol
prendre;dhetugol
croire;cikitagol
falloir;arugolga
passer;feyugol
penser;midagol
attendre;habagol
trouver;hiugol
laisser;acutugol
arriver;heutugol
donner;turnugol
regarder;darugol
appeler;nodugol
partir;yougol
mettre;wadugol
rester;hedagol
arrêter;daragol
connaître;andugol
demander;landagol
comprendre;faamugol
sortir;yaltugol
entendre;nanugol
chercher;da butugol
aider;waallitagol
essayer;esseyugol
revenir;artugol
jouer;fijugol
finir;lanni
perdre;majugol
sentir;himugol
rentrer;natugol
vivre;wurugol
rendre;wallingol
tenir;jogitagol
oublier;yejutugol
travailler;gollugol
entrer;natugol
devenir;wonugol
commencer;futagol
payer;yobugol
tirer;podugol
ouvrir;udutugol
changer;chanjugol
excuser;accangol
dormir;danagol
occuper;okkipagol
marcher;sepugol
envoyer;addugol
apprendre;ekitagol
boire;yarugol
garder;gardugol
montrer;hollugol
asseoir;jiodagol
porter;addugol
prier;zulugol
servir;servugol
écrire;windugol
retrouver;hiugol
gagner;gagnagol
rappeler;noddutugol
lire;jangugol
monter;dhaugol
réparer;wattugol
être capable;waawugol
maîtriser;waawugol
courir;dogugol
cours!;dogu
courons;dogin
courez;doge
attraper;nangugol
attrape!;nangu
attrapons;nangin
attrapez;nangee
nager;fubagol
nage!;fubbo
nageons;fubbo ɗin
nagez;fubbee
voler;wujjugol
il brigande;himo wujjude
brigande!;wujju
brigandez;wujje
s'envoler;wiirugol
vole!;wiiru
volez!;wiiree
oublier;yejutugol
oublie!;yejjutu
oubliez;yejjitee
pleurer;wullugol
pleure!;wullu!
pleurons;wullin
pleurez;wullee
jouer;fijugol
joue!;fiju
jouons;fijin
jouez;fijee
pleuvoir;fusugol
éclater;fusugol
saluer;hiwragol
Salue!;Hiwro!
saluons;hiwro ɗin
saluez;hiwree
rire;jalugol
se moquer;jalugol
ris!;jalu
rions;jalin
riez;jalai
se retirer;yaltugol
sortir;yaltugol
sors!;yaltu
allons-nous en;yaltin
sortez;yaltee
se fâcher;monagol
je suis fâché;mi monike
fâche-toi!;mono
fâchez-vous!;monee
mouiller;ɓuɓingol
mouille-toi;ɓuɓintino
mouillez-vous;ɓuɓintinee
réveiller;findingol
réveille le;findinmo
réveillons le;findininmo
réveillez le;findineemo
se réveiller;finugol
réveille-toi;finu
réveillons-nous;finin
reveillez-vous;finee
comprendre;faamugol
comprends;faamu
comprenons;faamin
comprenez;faamee
jeter;haykugol
jette;hayku
jetons;haykin
jetez;haykee
abandonner;firtugol
annuler;firtugol
j'abandonne;mi firti
abandonne;firtu
abandonnons;firtin
abandonnez;firtee
raconter;haalugol 
parler;haalugol
racontons;haalin
racontez;haalee
penser;miijagol
pense;miijo
pensons;miijoɗin
pensez;miijee
dire;haalugol
dis;haalu
disons;haalin
dîtes;haale
déchirer;seekugol
déchire;seeku
déchirons;seekin
déchirez;seeke
coucher au lit;wallingol
wallin;dépose
enseigner;jannugol
enseigne;jaanu
enseignons;jannen
enseignez;jannee
se retourner;yiltitagol
balance moi;wiiwan
balance le;wiiwumo
balançons nous;wiiwoɗen
balancez vous;wiiwe
balancer quelque chose;bugagol
balance;bugo
balançons;bugoɗen
balancez;bugee
écarter;pasagol
écarte toi;paso
écartons nous;pasoɗen
écartez vous;pasee
s'éloigner;pottitagol
s'éloigner;pottagol
éloignez vous;pottitee
déplacer;pottingol
déplacer le;pottin mo
écrire;winndugol
écris;winndu
écrivons;winnden
écrivez;winndee
découper;feccugol
découpe;feccu
découpons;feccen
découpez;fecce
couper;taƴugol
coupe;taƴu
coupons;taƴen
coupez;taƴee
se rappeler;mijitagol
rappelle toi;mijito
remémorons nous;mijitoɗen
rappellez vous;mijitee
rapporter;yiltutugol
retourne toi;yiltito
retournons nous;yiltitoɗen
retournez vous;yiltitee
recule;yilto
reculons;yilten
reculez;yiltee
arriver;hoytugol
arrive;hoytu
arrivons;hoyten
arrivez;hoytee
afficher;hollugol
montre;hollu
montrons;hollen
montrez;holle
habiter;hoɗugol
se marier;jonbindirgol
marions nous;jonbindiren
mariez vous;jonbindiree
marier;jonbugol
marie moi;jonmban
marie toi;jonmbu
marie le;jonmbu mo
donner naissance;jibingol
se balancer;wiiwagol